Referenced the Hauler IV in the "Hauler VI cargo prototype" missions (#4968)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/transport missions.txt

			`	Veronica pauses for a moment and then continues, "We're testing the VI's cargo refrigeration system using the Testament, a modified Hauler III. This system is one of our biggest achievements. To show how well it works, we plan to throw a formal dinner on <destination> with fresh sushi transported from here. I'm sure everyone at the dinner will be amazed by how well the food has been preserved despite the travel time. I'd like you to escort the ship and its cargo to <planet>."`
			choice
				`	"Isn't it a bit risky to transport food using a refrigeration system that hasn't been tested yet?"`
					goto refrigerate
				`	"Am I also invited for the dinner?"`
					goto invited
				`	"Why do you need me to escort the ship?"`
					goto internal
				`	"Shouldn't you be making the Hauler IV first?"`
				`	"Sure, I'll help you."`
					accept

> 			`	Veronica softly chuckles. "That would be the obvious choice, wouldn't it be? But this isn't just a case of slapping another cargo pod between the cockpit and engines, we've modified the design to have the optimal amount of cargo pods without comprimising the integrity of the vessel. And besides, our marketing department says that the people who are willing to by a Hauler IV are just as willing to buy larger Haulers."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Veronica softly chuckles. "That would be the obvious choice, wouldn't it be? But this isn't just a case of slapping another cargo pod between the cockpit and engines. We've modified the design to have the optimal amount of cargo pods without compromising the integrity of the vessel, or making it difficult to build in our existing shipyards. And besides, our marketing department has found that captains willing to buy a Hauler IV are just as willing to buy larger Haulers."`
```
